The Joe Rogan experience.
My worry about this Biden thing is that people
voted for Biden because they hate Trump.
They didn't vote for Biden because he's a leader that they respect and they
want, and they admire. And that he's going to lead us out of it.
Like if Obama was calling for unity,
if he was the guy that was the president and he was calling for unity,
we've got to abandon all these ideas, you know,
about division we're all together. And he brought everybody together. Again,
that might work, that might work.
People might recognize that this really intelligent guy with this message of
unity should be listened to well.
But that did happen, right? I mean, that happened in 2008.
That's what Obama said when he won. And there was some,
a decent amount of unity.
I'm thinking how to over 70% approval rating when he first came in. I mean,
it wasn't certainly anything like the country is now, right?
But at the end of eight years of Obama, you had a Republican house,
a Republican Senate and Donald Trump elected president.
So we had that,
but it didn't matter because even with such a
charismatic guy,
like Obama calling for unity and sang a lot of the right things,
at least at first the policies and what was actually happening in the
country were really over huge numbers of people.
And then also things that might've been somewhat out of Obama's control,
but not completely out, um, is that the era of it was like,
like the, the Obama recovery, which was the most like cronyism,
corrupt recovery ever.
And the woke lecturing all rose up at the same time in the Obama years.
Not all of it, his fault.
Did you see the Camila Harris has her gender pronouns in her bio now? Oh yeah.
She's I saw her say that, uh.
In a CNN town hall, when she was still running for president,
she came out and just, no one even asked her, she just went I'm Kamala Harris,
my genders. Are she her?
Oh, what the is going on? No.
Did you see what John Papas wrote? No, he wrote, uh, uh, my,
my gender is he ha he's like, I'm going to start a trend here.
I recognize is he okay? That's great. I'm like take that on too.
I might, I might that he all, I like.
It. Very strange. Strange says.
It's in his bio.
He has science scientists and journalists. He wrote
great. It's hilarious.
I think though, people like, uh, they, if,
if you really did care about the unity or whatever,
which I think is like something that maybe we should care about a little bit.
I mean, not that we all have to like agree on everything. I don't like this,
that we don't have to all be one and all have the same, you know,
attitude about everything.
But when you see what's going on in the country over this year,
the culture where is really scary. And like,
people should be appropriately concerned about that.
When you see what's going on in like, uh, what's going on in Portland this year,
where you had like the, you know, like,
like militias facing off against each other,
you have like the Antifa versus the proud boys type. It's like, we're,
it's like a, they're playing pretend civil war, you know,
like it's kind of a game. Right. But it's kind of not that far off,
you know what I mean? Got shot and killed. Yeah.
And there are people on guns staring at each other down. And for everybody,
for every same person, she'd be like,
you do not want to see a civil war in this country.
I don't care how much fun you think this is right now in the moment you don't
want this to actually come to you,
holding your buddy's head while he bleeds out and screams for his mom.
Like you don't want that. So the idea of toning that down is, is a good idea.
But I think the only way to do that is to understand
why Donald Trump was president to begin with. And that, like,
to me,
the big story of all of this isn't that Joe Biden looks like he's going to be
the president. That's kind of boring to me. It's like, yeah, Joe,
Joe Biden got elected. He's been getting elected for almost 50 years. Like,
okay,
the story is still that Donald Trump won the presidency.
And then it,
four years later got like millions more votes than he got the first time.
And almost by the, by a hair, almost one at again. I mean,
that's like pretty crazy. Did you see, uh,
when he was in Pennsylvania and he drew 53,000 people to Israeli in
central Pennsylvania and they start off the first,
like four minutes of it are a chant. We love you.
We love you. I mean like,
what the is that what's going on here? And to just kind of dismiss it,
like the corporate press attitude is like, well, it's racism. I think,
I think there's.
A little bit more failure. The education system.
I mean, I, I always, I always agree with failure.
Of the education system that is always an acceptable answer,
but I think it's a rejection.
Of looting. It's a rejection of the woke culture.
It's a rejection of being called a racist and being called a fascist.
Big parts. It's a.
Lot of the, what this,
this call for a radical shift in the identity of
America.
I think that's a huge part of it. I also think that if you're the,
the woke lecturing is almost like just the insult on top.
Like if you're one of these people who, who lives in these towns, uh,
you you've seen for, for decades now, like factories disappear,
jobs get outsourced. The, the, the life expectancy has gone down.
Suicides have gone up. You know, you're one of these, the,
the some guy in central Pennsylvania, or all over the country and what,
you know, you probably lost your job. Now, you're working a shittier job. Uh,
you never really came back from where you are after 2008. Uh, you,
maybe you got a son who's addicted to opioids. You got another son who like,
you know,
has never been the same since he got back from one of these stupid wars. Um,
and then after all that,
the people who sent you there are now lecturing you about your white privilege.
And then Donald Trump, all it really took was Donald Trump came in and said,
you know what, I'm for you, I'm for you.
I'm not for the Mexicans or the Muslims. I'm not for this world. I'm for you.
And I want you to win the plastic.
Message. Sure. And that's one of the things that he got across,
he boiled down the whole thing to like, make America great. Again,
like that's a simplistic message. And to people that want a sort of like,
they really, you know, some, some country music songs, I, by the way,
I'm a fan of country music. I like a lot of country music,
but a lot of country music. I don't like, because I know what you're doing.
You're just trying to box everything into this real simple.
We're going to go down to the lake. We're going to have ourselves a drink,
you know, like, you know what I'm saying? We're going to take my truck.
Everything's going to be great. You know, I miss my grandma.
Like,
there's like this simplistic really boiled down
worldview. And it comforts people because people are scared of nuance.
And they're scared of, they're scared of the complexity of life. Yes.
And Donald Trump was a master at that boiling things down to a real simple,
slow slogan, a real, you know, simple phrase that,
that people can wrap their heads around and get behind.
But there's also that on the opposition to Trump side,
where they try to boil things down to like, well, uh,
it was racism or it was white supremacy or something like that. And you're like,
there's a lot more going on here. And I,
I really think that if like there,
these people on some level recognize that they've been screwed over by the
establishment, forgotten by them and that they, they are hated by,
by the establishment, which is true, like they're right about that.
And so they wanted someone to fight for them.
And I think Trump represents that to them. I don't think he really was that, uh,
from my perspective, I think it's kind of a con artist,
but I do think that he tapped into something that's really powerful
and that actually could get a lot worse if there's not some kind of like
reconciling with.
It. Yeah. Yeah. How does it get better now? That's the real question? Like,
because what, like,
w how does it get better with Biden and Kamala Harris? I mean,
unless people start rejecting,
unless people realize that things aren't going to change for the better with
them in office.
Well, that's, I think that is that realization is going to come.
About a year and a half sooner now. Yeah.
Maybe something like that. Maybe, maybe even sooner, because things go,
you know, things move fast these days. Um,
but I do think that w one of the things that's interesting with Biden and Kamala
Harris is that a lot of these,
like SU super progressive people are celebrating right now because Trump
was out, you know?
And so Trump was defeated and they feel like they helped get Biden and Kamala
Harrison, which is, they were certainly a portion of helping them.
And Trump also is the one who is saying like, well, you know, Joe Biden,
he's just a Trojan horse for AOC and Ilhan Omar. He's,
he's a Trojan horse for socialism, which is actually complete. Uh, Joe Biden,
if anything is a Trojan horse for Dick Cheney,
D Joe Biden is a Trojan horse for the establishment. Warhawks big banks,
corporate elite tech, Johnny.
Yeah. It's going to be them. He's filling his cabinet with Republic.
But those Republicans, but those Republicans,
the ones who basically caused this whole mess to begin with one of the things.
That Trump said during his campaign, he's saying,
talking about how much money that Joe Biden raised. He said,
I could raise that money too, but I'd have to make those deals.
And then I'd have to be compromised. And when he was saying that, I was like,
he's.
Right. He's not wrong about that. Well, not wrong about.
That, because if he decided to play ball with all those guys,
like they would've got behind him and then the narrative would have switched.
Yeah.
That's for sure. And, and, and it's interesting.
It's a really important question that people might want to like ponder even
people who really hate Donald Trump. And you can really hate Donald Trump.
That's fine.
But you might wonder why it is that the establishment hates him so
much. And I have, like my, uh,
guess is that it's not for the same reasons that your left wing friend hates
Donald Trump. Like, I don't buy for a second that the, uh,
the CIA and the Republican establishment hated Donald Trump,
because he said mean things about Mexicans. Like,
I just don't buy that for a second.
These are people who will slaughter brown people in third world countries and
lose no sleep over it. Like I don't buy. That's why they hated him.
I think what they hated about Donald Trump was that he was a wild man
who would blurt out things. And he blurred out a lot of crazy,
but then you'd also blurt out the truth.
And that was something that nobody you're not supposed to say that like,
you're when Donald Trump was running in 2016, you know,
he stood at the Republican primary debate stage in
South Carolina Republicans in South Carolina and looked at Jeb Bush in the
eyes and said, your brother lied us into war in Iraq.
And everyone was like, what the?
Like you can't say that at the Republican, South Carolina and all the pundits,
all the media class, they were like, Trump's finished now. Cause you can't.
These are the people who fought the war in Iraq.
And these are the most pro military people around. And the next day at the,
at the primary Donald Trump took 60% and all the other Republicans,
all 12 of them split the other 40%.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.